It is your fourth time of
Filming The ICONtv
Aren’t you used to it by now?
I think it is a lie
If I say I don't get nervous
When I film this
I look really calm
But I just pretend to be
To be honest...
I'm super nervous!
People loved Beyond Closet
So much in 2014
So for the first time
We are opening an event
With Optical W
Who are really close to us
To have party
And to hang out among ourselves
And we will hold
A mini fashion show
For this event
So who are coming to this event?
The people who loved Beyond Closet!
Whoever that says the name of the brand at the entrance can come in!
We recently met Pil-soo
And he told us that
He doesn't like people saying that he looks like you
I love sunglasses
But the reason I can’t wear it is…
People keep telling me that I look like the designer Tae-yong Koh
When I wear sunglasses…
I guess you don’t like
People saying that?
I do like…
Actually I don't!
We are not alike!
Should I put on a pair for comparison?
When I was his age,
People passing by asked me
“What is your job?”
LOL Don't lie!
I get really mad!
When I hear those things…
I heard you will be DJing as well!
Because fashion and music
Are inseparable
So I am going to show all I'm capable of!
Where was it again?
Daelim Contemporary Art Museum?
When we had our last party
We had so much fun!
When we turned on the music at Daelim Contemporary Art Museum
A police came!
It was the best!
Will today's party be more lit?
Since the venue for the last party was a museum...
The venue doesn't matter
I can party in a bathroom if I want to...
Hello?
Honey Butter Chip!
I love this!
Actually Woo-jae and Ji-hoon
Couldn't work together for this Seoul Fashion Week
Because…
I had prepared a show with a young, youthful theme
But I thought
Woo-jae and Ji-hoon looked a bit mature
But the clothes actually look good on them!
I should have made you do the runway…
Designer Tae-yong Koh
Has an ability
To make people feel good!
What are you saying?
For the next Seoul Fashion Week
That I am preparing
I can’t use the models with youthful atmosphere!
What have you been up to
Since the Seoul Fashion Week?
I worked
Actually I am always like that
After New York Fashion Week
I prepare for Seoul Fashion Week
And after that
Is another New York Fashion Week
I work on Seoul Fashion Week again
That means the New York Fashion Week is coming soon!
Yes! I have so much to do!
The final products should be out in less than a month and a half!
I think I know why you’re saying you’re busy
Actually I love
How I am so busy
Because…
When I look around
Some of my friends are going through some rough times
And some friends
Still have doubts in this industry
But I still haven't
Felt any of that
So what is your plan for this year?
I think I will have a collection
In New York and Seoul
As a designer who represents Korea
And I want to show you
How I still care about designs
Whilst working on various things
To communicate with the public
The goal for 2015 is
To meet the public
Whilst showing
How Beyond Closet grows globally!